# QUAPA benchmarks

## Description

Benchmarks found in this folder are derived from the collection of QASM files found in the QUAPA project.
Legacy benchmarks are provided as QASM source only in the QASM_src folder.
Various QASM files can be found in this folder which mainly scheduled for superconducting qubits.

- gst, qlib, scaffcc: Benchmarks derived from their corresponding libraries.
- sc7: Subroutines for a surface code 7 logical qubit.
- sc17: Subroutines for a surface code 17 logical qubit.
- logical: Various short routines to test a logical qubit.
- random: Random QASM files for 7 or 17 qubits with different compile settings.
- random_norm: Random QASM files for various number of qubits, both scheduled and unscheduled.
- rb: Randomized benchmarking QASM files generated by OpenQL.
- ./: Various hello-world like QASM files for testing.

Python scripts in the root of the quapa directory originate from the QUAPA project, from the OpenQL included programs, or are created new.
These Python scripts can be used to generate benchmarks and require the QBT library to run.
Descriptions for specific scripts can be found in the following sections.

Python scripts in the batch directory are used to generate many benchmarks at once and require the QBT library to run.

## QASM to OpenQL

The QASM to OpenQL script reads QASM and inserts the operations into OpenQL. This allows QASM files to be compiled again using OpenQL.

## Random QASM generator

The random QASM generator script can generate random circuits based on a distribution (CSV), qubit count, and gate count. Random generated circuits are dumped to a text file without any scheduling or other processing.

## Links

[QUAPA at GitLab](https://gitlab.com/lriesebos/quapa)
[QBT at GitLab](https://gitlab.com/lriesebos/qbt)

